NAMESPACE         NAME                                                      CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
dev               quantumfpo-frontend-df74d4d96-td8t8                       0m           3Mi             
dev               quantumfpo-java-backend-8558d49f65-ft55w                  3m           127Mi           
gke-gmp-system    collector-d2pmt                                           9m           120Mi           
gke-gmp-system    collector-l4rxd                                           14m          114Mi           
gke-gmp-system    gmp-operator-664c656f9c-kllg7                             7m           19Mi            
gke-managed-cim   kube-state-metrics-0                                      1m           43Mi            
kube-system       anetd-l-276fj                                             29m          534Mi           
kube-system       anetd-l-7w4kh                                             16m          531Mi           
kube-system       antrea-controller-horizontal-autoscaler-bc8479f5d-jbqx7   1m           13Mi            
kube-system       efficiency-daemon-cmjlx                                   1m           18Mi            
kube-system       efficiency-daemon-dbb7g                                   1m           25Mi            
kube-system       egress-nat-controller-5d5cbdf764-r62vr                    1m           18Mi            
kube-system       event-exporter-gke-54fc57cb58-5hqmh                       1m           22Mi            
kube-system       filestore-lock-release-controller-57676fdfcf-7p6h8        2m           31Mi            
kube-system       filestore-node-6cbgw                                      1m           37Mi            
kube-system       filestore-node-795xp                                      1m           43Mi            
kube-system       fluentbit-gke-big-mgq56                                   12m          55Mi            
kube-system       fluentbit-gke-big-vzm5g                                   15m          56Mi            
kube-system       gcsfusecsi-node-78h4h                                     1m           43Mi            
kube-system       gcsfusecsi-node-dhk52                                     1m           43Mi            
kube-system       gke-metadata-server-ghhkj                                 1m           40Mi            
kube-system       gke-metadata-server-rxzbc                                 1m           46Mi            
kube-system       gke-metrics-agent-n5nvg                                   5m           81Mi            
kube-system       gke-metrics-agent-vsg6r                                   10m          94Mi            
kube-system       gke-system-balloon-pod-9xkdh                              0m           0Mi             
kube-system       gke-system-balloon-pod-m2zsm                              0m           0Mi             
kube-system       ip-masq-agent-8znhv                                       1m           9Mi             
kube-system       ip-masq-agent-t6v69                                       1m           10Mi            
kube-system       konnectivity-agent-67864b4b8d-jpv5m                       5m           35Mi            
kube-system       konnectivity-agent-67864b4b8d-w9zlx                       9m           29Mi            
kube-system       konnectivity-agent-autoscaler-575998d684-zgx2f            1m           15Mi            
kube-system       kube-dns-7988fc89b6-7q52n                                 3m           59Mi            
kube-system       kube-dns-7988fc89b6-wxklq                                 2m           61Mi            
kube-system       kube-dns-autoscaler-7fdd99b886-5scff                      1m           14Mi            
kube-system       l7-default-backend-5f748db44f-rpfqz                       1m           5Mi             
kube-system       metrics-server-v1.33.0-5456f7c758-wwmk7                   5m           30Mi            
kube-system       netd-brvb2                                                2m           50Mi            
kube-system       netd-z58lg                                                1m           51Mi            
kube-system       node-local-dns-gxxh7                                      5m           42Mi            
kube-system       node-local-dns-pqqvc                                      4m           40Mi            
kube-system       parallelstore-csi-node-6qq7x                              0m           23Mi            
kube-system       parallelstore-csi-node-8848d                              1m           23Mi            
kube-system       pdcsi-node-hqpqt                                          1m           21Mi            
kube-system       pdcsi-node-n9544                                          1m           19Mi            
